today I'm going to tell you about a tool
that has been absolutely revolutionary
for our business and if you're someone
who grows a business and uses social
media to do so you're going to want to
listen up now I've been talking about
this tool for the last few years and
honestly it's gotten to the point where
I am shouting about it from the rooftops
because people are still not jumping on
board and I'm going to go over some of
the reasons that I think people are
hesitant and also explain to you why
those shouldn't be reasons that you're
hesitant but this tool has been such a
game changer it's improved our views our
engagement our reach and our overall
sales and customer acquisition from
Instagram and that tool that we are
going to be talking about today is none
other than DM automation provided by
many
chat the simplest way to describe DM
automation is essentially a tool where
your followers can comment a specific
keyword or send you a direct message
with a specific keyword and then from
that keyword an automatic response is
triggered if you follow me on Instagram
you are likely familiar with what this
looks like often times you'll see me
making feed posts or stories where I'm
telling you to comment the word hooks or
reply right now with the word story and
you will receive X Y and Z maybe it's a
link to a free download maybe it's a
trial page maybe it's a special discount
code but basically in its simplest form
my followers viewers my audience is
sending me a keyword or keywords and
then I have a pre-programmed automatic
response that's being sent to them and
in today's episode I'm going to walk you
through everything you need to know
about this I'm going to share with you
our stats which are absolutely
mind-blowing I actually recently did a
study where I looked at all of my posts
over the last 60 days and I compared
posts where I was using DM automation
versus posts where I was not using DM
Automation and honestly I was like whoa
I instantly was like texting my mom and
letting her know about these stats CU
they were mind-blowing so I'll share
those with you I'll share some of my
best tips and best practices as well and
of course I will share a discount code
with you so that you can get signed up
speaking of a discount code if you
already are sold and you're you're going
to get signed up while you're listening
to this podcast I highly encourage you
to do so um and that link will be down
in the description and in the show notes
below this episode so if you want while
you're listening you could literally
sign up and then as soon as this episode
is done you're ready to start rolling
but before we get into all of that let's
go through what DM automation is not
because as I say the word Automation and
as I start to talk about these things
there's likely a lot of preconceived
notions that you have in your mind and
maybe even some myths some things that
you're worried about concerns
hesitations so let's talk about what is
direct message automation not so that I
can hopefully put you at ease before we
go through the rest of this episode
first and foremost DM automation is not
hard to set up it's actually
surprisingly easy when I first heard
about DM automation I was like oh it's
going to require a bunch of different
zaps to connect different websites I'm
going to need like three different
logins and I'm probably going to have to
know how to code and how to set up these
complex flows and it's actually really
really simple if you know how to drag
and drop on a computer then you have the
skills necessary to set up DM automation
I will walk you through it right now
verbally and it will probably make sense
after you create your man chat account
you tap on a big blue button that says
new
automation then you select what kind of
initial trigger you want to add whether
that is a comment on a post whether you
want the trigger to be a specific DM
keyword whether you want it to be
someone sharing your post to their story
and tagging you different things like
that so you just pick what you want that
to be so I'm going to say I want it to
be a DM keyword then you enter in what
the keyword is and then the final step
is you just choose what happens next so
after someone sends me the DM keyword
snail what happens next do they get a
response message do they get a link to a
specific YouTube video do they get a
landing page that's going to have them
opt into my email list it's really that
easy to set up new automation pick the
trigger and pick what the automation is
now of course you can get more fancy you
can get more technical you can do some
really really crazy advanced stuff with
DM automation you can even collect
emails right in the DM so they don't
have to go to your email option page but
some of these things are more advanced
and they do require additional
Integrations or the pro many chat
account but really if you are setting up
the basic automations which is how I
recommend getting started it's so FP and
easy the second thing that DM automation
is not is it is not 100% automation so I
think that's a big concern that a lot of
people have and that's one of the
reasons that people think it's going to
be inauthentic because what we're all
used to nowadays is when you call a
customer service representative and
you're just talking to a robot the
entire time right press one for sales
press two for help press three for
whatever and you're just taking from
robot to robot to robot and you have to
keep screaming speak with a
representative into your phone until you
can finally get a hold of a real human
human being that's not what DM
automation is and in fact you get total
control over what is automated and what
is not automated there is no way within
many chat to automate 100% of your
messages you're instead automating one
keyword at a time so you're giving your
audience a specific call to action to
comment a keyword to reply with this
specific phrase in order to receive X Y
and Z and in that way you're only really
triggering the automation when it would
be useful and when it is directly asked
for by your audience rather than just
100% automating every single message
because I got to tell you that's really
annoying and that's really frustrating
but luckily that's not what this is
speaking of that and along those same
lines this is not spammy and inauthentic
because it's not cold messaging I am not
automating like I said 100% of my
messages I'm still a real human
interacting within my direct messages
every single day and for that reason
it's not spaman inauthentic it is simply
a faster and more efficient way to
deliver people what they want they sent
the keyword so they want whatever it is
you told them was going to happen after
the keyword with using DM Automation and
man chat you're just delivering that
much faster and more efficient and you
have the control on the back end as the
business owner to see who clicked on the
link to see who opened the message and
to follow up with those people if you so
choose another huge misconception that I
get around DM automation is that it's
only for people like yours truly who
have lots of followers and get lots of
direct mess me and comments every single
day and that's just not true like I said
a moment ago it's for faster and more
efficient responses so let's go down to
hypothetical let's say you only have 50
followers on Instagram and you only
average two comments per post so in one
of your future posts you're going to
tell people comment the word Hooks and I
will send you my free pdf guide well you
might think well Brock you know I'm only
going to get two comments so I can
manually respond to those myself I can
manually send those people the download
link or the opt-in page and yes that is
true but I also want you to consider the
time that that will take you I want you
to consider what you could be doing with
that time I want you to consider what if
one of those comments comes in while
you're having dinner with your family
what if one of those comments comes in
overnight while you're sleeping and now
you're faced with a dilemma of either
interrupting your life stepping aside
from your priorities violating hopefully
one of your boundaries and popping on to
Instagram ignoring the more important
things in life in order to quickly send
this message or the other option is to
wait maybe you wait 6 hours maybe it's
only 30 minutes but every single minute
that you wait every single hour that you
postpone sending that message the
likelihood of someone signing up putting
in their email purchasing or even seeing
the message significantly declines there
are a million statistics out there you
can Google them you can look them up on
chat GPT if you want around the
immediacy of responses and the
difference that that makes in purchasing
decision decisions when you wait even
just 10 minutes the likelihood that
someone opens responds to or clicks on
the link that you are sending them
significantly drops and that's one of
the real benefits of DM automation is
that usually you're going to set it up
so that it's instantly being delivered
you comment or it hooks and within 3
seconds you got a DM in your inbox
delivering whatever it is that you want
to deliver the final misconception that
I want to dispel is that it's actually
not very expensive I know a lot of
Instagram Services nowadays are $1,000
$2,000 a month many chat for its basic
package which allows you to message up
to ,000 people a month is actually free
they do have a pro version with
additional features and it allows you to
message additional people but even that
starts out at just $15 per month which
is pretty crazy when you compare it to a
lot of the other software as services
that exist out in the world today it's
really really costeffective and when you
think about the return on investment
which in a minute I'll tell you some of
our numbers I think it'll start to make
sense that hey $15 a month for the pro
version is a no-brainer but I will add
by the way like I already said down in
the description below this podcast you
will find a link from build your tribe
to be able to sign up for many chat and
get one month of their Pro for free and
you know what if you don't even want to
go down to the show notes and find the
discount code the discount code is tribe
because the podcast you're listening to
in case you unaware is build your tribe
so the discount code tribe will get you
one month of the pro for free and to use
that you can simply go to manychat.com
which is m n y c h a t many chat.com and
use the code word tribe and you'll get
that first month of the pro features for
free and I do want to note that one of
the pro features that I find to be maybe
the most useful of any of the many chat
tools and it's not available as part of
their free basic program is the comment
response tool essentially the comment
response tool is someone can comment a
keyword and receive a DM a automation if
you don't have a pro account with many
chat then you have to ask people to DM
you which is still going to help you
increase your views and engagement but
we just see better results when using
the comment trigger because it's just
much easier for people to comment on a
post rather than going from your post to
your DMs and then sending you the
keyword but again I told you I would
tell you my stats and I should say of
course these are my personal stats I
can't guarantee the exact same sort of
Engagement or boost for you but these
are pretty astounding to hear so over
the last 2 months over the last 60 days
we broke down all of my reels and
compared the reels where I was using DM
automation to the reals where I was not
using DM Automation and before I even
share these stats I want you to keep
something in mind and that is that
typically when you are going to sell and
promote things on Instagram how does
that go probably not so well or I
shouldn't say probably not so well but
probably not as good as your other posts
often times when we go to promote and
sell things on Instagram those posts end
up doing the worst and that makes sense
right because people don't want to see
advertisements they want to be
entertained by content and so when you
go to actually promote your course or
talk about your offer or do the brand
deal that you agreed to you get less
engagement on those kinds of posts and
the reason for that is not only do
people not necessarily want to see
advertisements but let's think about
what are you doing when you have one of
those promotional posts let's say you
make a reel about your new one-on-one
coaching and you're inviting people to
join the 101 coaching and then you end
the Reel by saying so go click the link
in my bio to learn more what you're
asking people to do is not engage with
the post you're basically saying don't
like this post don't comment don't save
it don't share it abandon this post
literally go to a different page and
click something else and telling people
to do that is kind of a lose-lose
situation because either they do it they
go click on the link they go to your bio
whatever but now the post is probably
going to be shown to less people because
it's getting less engagement or the more
likely option is people don't go click
on the link in your bio so now not only
are they not clicking the link they're
also not engaging it's a double negative
your post is going to be shown to very
few people and that is why when we go to
sell on Instagram oftentimes our
engagement and Views go down and that is
where DM automation comes to save the
day because now instead of telling
people hey abandon this post and go
click somewhere else you're telling
people to directly interact with the
post and when people interact with the
post then the algorithms think it's a
good post they show the post to more
people more people interact and now we
have a Snowball Effect and honestly the
same is true on stories so on stories
you could put up the link sticker which
Instagram has now given to all users it
used to be you had to have more than
10,000 followers to get the link sticker
but as of a few years ago everyone can
put a link sticker on their stories but
the same premise applies to the link
sticker as the link in BIO which is that
if you put a link sticker up on your
Instagram story you have two options
either someone clicks on it or they skip
the story as a whole there's no way to
engage with the story besides clicking
on the link and often times people say
well Brock why would Instagram give us a
link sticker or give us the link in BIO
if they didn't want us to use it it's
not that Instagram doesn't want us to
use the link in BIO it's not that you're
going to get penalized for saying Link
in BIO or penalized for putting a link
on your stories it's really just human
nature and thinking about what are
people doing with our posts or stories
when we tell them to click the link in
our bio or when we tell them to click on
the link sticker either they're not
engaging with the post or they're not
engaging with the post but they're
clicking on the link and so that means
either way whether it's a feed post or a
story when you put up a link sticker
when you tell them to click the link in
your bio usually it leads to lower
engagement and lower sales and I should
say this isn't just hearsay this isn't
just my opinion this is statistically
backed so let me read these stats to you
right now when you include the phrase
Linkin bio or some synonym of that
phrase in your Instagram feed posts on
average those posts receive
33.6% less reach those posts receive 57%
lower engagement and of all the people
who see that post only 7% will actually
click the link in your bio that means
less than 1% of people who are seeing
that post and the people who are seeing
it is already decreased less than 1% are
going to be clicking the link and we see
similar stats when using the link
sticker on your Instagram stories in
fact when using the link sticker on
Instagram Stories the average person
receives around 40% fewer views on that
story so their story views are almost
cut in half and on average only a 1%
click rate when using that little link
sticker on your Instagram stories but
again I told you that there was a better
way and I told you that I would have
some stats to share with you so to go
back to that study that we did over the
last 60 days the last two months
comparing my reals that had DM
automation with many chat versus post
that had no DM automation at all My
Views when using many chats DM
automation when using comment keyword
triggers My Views went up by
77.4% my likes went up by
141% my comments this is the one that I
was like I had to double check my math
on this my comments went up by
1,500 37% that's
1,537 and my link clicks on average went
up by
400% that's
4,500 more link clicks when using DM
automation compared to when not using it
if those stats alone aren't enough to
convince you to use DM automation I
don't know what else to tell you more
views more likes more comments boosted
engagement reaching more people and more
of those people becoming customers and
clicking on the links that you are
sending to them it's a win-win and it's
also better customer service because
something that I I have kind of briefly
mentioned here and there is that usually
when someone clicks on the link sticker
or they click on the link in your bio
you have no idea who clicked you have no
ability to follow up you can't answer
questions there's no customer service
and if they need help it requires
additional effort from them to then go
into your DMs and explain the issue with
DM automation you can see who clicked
and who didn't click you can see what
percentage of people were sent the link
and followed through with actually
signing up to become a member or
purchasing or whatever and so you either
manually or automatically see who's
clicking and who's signing up and then
follow up with them you can ask
additional questions you can help give
customers service you can give manual
feedback you can actually hop into your
DMs and see hey I sent this link
automatically to 13 people 11 people
clicked on it here are the two names of
people who didn't click on it I'm going
to now go into my DMs personally reach
out to them maybe even send them an
audio message asking if they need help
if they got lost if the site broke or
just simply serving them better one of
our All-Star marketing impact Academy
members Sally Spark's cousins often says
the fortune is in the followup and with
many chat you have the ability to follow
up because you know who the heck was
interested in the link in the first
place rather than just getting what
Instagram gives you which is just a
number you got 47 link clicks you got 37
people tap the link in your bio but you
have no idea who tapped the link in your
bio with many chat you know who was
interested and who clicked versus who
didn't but also in a recent episode of
build your Tri where we were talking
about how to grow your story views and
get more eyeballs on your Instagram
stories I mentioned how most of my most
viewed stories of all time had some form
of DM Automation and that's not just a
coincidence that is a direct correlation
as people are dming me more they're
responding to the story with the keyword
that I am telling them to respond with
that is a positive form of Engagement
and in fact a really powerful form of
Engagement in the Instagram algorithm's
eyes thus my story will be shown to more
people in fact seven of my top 10 most
viewed stories of all time had some form
of DM Automation in them as far as I'm
concerned there are very few tools and
softwares that exist very few
opportunities that exist quite like many
chat and DM automation where there is
really no downside like I scratched my
head trying to think of like the
potential negative consequences to using
something like this I haven't mentioned
this already but many chat is completely
meta approved so it's not like secretly
accessing Instagram's API or hacking in
through like a back door this is
officially approved by Instagram like
Instagram's like yes you can absolutely
do this you're not going to get flagged
we will automatically send thousands of
messages and you will not get flagged by
the way if you do try to copy and paste
manually sending thousands of messages
you will get flagged that has happened
to me when I'm using DM automation I've
never been flagged when I'm using just
my own manual copy and paste button I
have been flagged before so this is
totally approved by Instagram as far as
I'm concerned as far as I'm aware there
aren't any real negatives or downsides
or drawbacks but what I will tell you is
that in the bell-shaped curve of
adoption and use of certain tools we're
still in the early adopter phase we're
not quite in the innovator phase anymore
there's enough people using DM
Automation and talking about it that
we're not really innovators by using
this tool maybe three years ago when I
first started using it maybe I was an
innovator but not anymore now we're in
the early adopter phase and the cool
thing about the early adopter phase is
that those are usually the people who
have the most success the innovators are
the ones who are creating the tool but
the people who are having the early
adoption and using it before the masses
but after it's kind of been refined and
perfected those are the people who are
in The Sweet Spot and having the most
success I kind of think of it similar to
like posting Instagram reals reals came
out in August of 2020 and so for the
last 6 months of 2020 reals and people
who were posting them regularly were
kind of the innovators right they were
the early settlers for Instagram reals
and people had success but the average
person wasn't having like wild success
then in 20121 we had the early adopters
the people who were posting reels
consistently in 2021 were blowing up
like all the time one out of every 10
post one out of every five post going
viral it was it was like the wild west
with people going viral and growing
their following with reals then as we
approached 2022 and now into 2023 we're
in that kind of Middle Ground maybe even
moving to the other side of the bell
curve where pretty much everyone's
posting reals and it's become a very
saturated market and don't get me wrong
you can still go viral you can still
have success with reals but it's much
tougher now than it was in 2021 and the
same is going to be true a few years
from now with DM automation where we
currently exist in this day and age the
majority of people don't know what DM
automation is and the majority of
content creators influencers business
owners whoever you are the majority of
people who are promoting and selling
things on Instagram are still not using
DM Automation and so for that reason you
can still have really powerful results
really awesome success when using it and
you can still keep the link in your bio
you can still post links on your stories
I personally have a link in my bio the
difference is just in how I'm choosing
to promote it I don't I don't tell
people to click the link in my bio
because as I've already said I get much
better results when I'm telling people
to comment a specific keyword the link
in my bio is still there because there
will still be people who are curious
there will still be people who want to
click the link in my bio there will
still be people who stumble upon it on
their own but we are still in this early
phase and that's what I'm trying to get
across here that's the point the
argument I'm trying to make I'm trying
to plead with you to start using this
before it's too late before it's 2025
and you're listening to this episode and
you're like shoot I should have joined
it three years ago which by the way if
you're listening to this in 2025 you're
awesome it might not be too late I'm
just making a prediction but what I'm
trying to tell to anyone who's listening
to this at the end of 2020 23 or even in
2024 is get signed up now it's so low
cost I mean you could start with the
basic subscription and see how that goes
or in reality would probably be best to
just use the code word tribe at checkout
get one month of the pro for free and
see how it goes see if you like it try
it out on a few posts see if it's
beneficial for you see if it improves
your results and if it does it might
even pay for itself and then you can
keep using it and keep experimenting
with more advanced automations and using
it in different fun ways but I really
want to encourage you to start using
this tool don't wait I'm sure you've
heard me talk about it on Instagram
before you might have even seen other
content creators posting about this in
the past do not wait do not say tomorrow
do not say next year do not say next
quarter next month do it right now while
you're listening to this podcast go to
manychat.com and use the code word tribe
to get signed up all right and now that
we've covered all of that let's talk
about some DM automation top tips what
do I have to share with you cuz I've
learned a lot over the last few years
and the first tip is like I've already
said just start simple don't try to get
complex don't try to get fancy don't try
to build these complex webs of if
someone clicks this if someone doesn't
click in three minutes then they get
this message no no no just just start
simple start with a very simple hey
someone said this keyword they get this
one message response and honestly we've
had great success with that simple of an
automation one keyword and one automatic
response my second tip is something that
will help you be more authentic when
using DM Automation and that is to be
clear when it is DM automation I'm sure
recently maybe in the last few months
you received an email and you were like
yeah I'm pretty sure this was written by
chat GPT like there's just certain words
and phrases that you're like yeah I can
tell a robot wrote this and a human
being didn't actually take the time to
send this email and so it's not very
authentic you don't trust or like the
person who sent it as much after
receiving it and the same can be true
with DM Automation and so don't try to
trick people into thinking that your DM
automation is actually you if someone is
getting an instant response with a
paragraph worth of writing they're going
to know that you didn't manually type
out that paragraph that fast so be
honest be authentic when it is DM
Automation and one way that I like to
personally do that is I will say Brock
bot in the message so I will say hey
Brock bot here or hey this is the Brock
bot or I'll sign the message with the
phrase Brock bot because that's what
I've named my DM automation the Brock
robot you get it Brock bot so just be
clear be honest with your audience and
that way you can maintain your
authenticity my third tip is don't use
it to just sell I know the majority of
this episode I've been talking about
ways that it can improve your
click-through raid and help you make
more money but don't use DM automation
to just sell you can use it to deliver
free links you can use it to deliver
guides or additional tips or information
you can use it to say thank you I mean
one very simple way that I've used it in
the past is on my birthday every year I
set up an automation so that when
someone says happy happy birthday it
says thank you so much I appreciate it
let's celebrate or something like that
because I know I'm going to receive a
handful of messages that day of people
saying happy birthday and while I do
really appreciate it I don't want to
take the time to manually respond to
every single one of those people and I
understand this might make me sound like
a conceited jerk but on my birthday I
would rather spend my birthday enjoying
life rather than responding to everyone
on the DMS so I have my Brock bot say
thank you and in that way I am serving
my audience rather than just selling to
them my fourth tip for your DM
automation is to use short and simple
keywords and additional tip here include
typos to those keywords so I will say
comment the word Hooks and you will
receive my 25 free hooks guide and
specifically how this is going to work
is as you are setting up the automation
you can include up to 10 keywords per
automation so if I'm telling people to
comment the word hooks I won't just make
the only keyword hooks because some
people are going to type hook some
people are just going to type the word
link because they think that was the
keyword some people are going to type
hooks with a bunch of s's on the end
some people are going to type hooks h o
k Hawks because they're going to spell
it wrong or they're going to put two k's
or two h's or they're going to mishear
me like often times if I tell people to
comment the word many chat they will
hear Min chat like m i n i or I've even
had people think that I was saying Manny
like the name m a n n y c h a t Manny
chat or mini chat so I include typos in
my keyword phrases I try to make them as
simple and hard to misspell as possible
but we all make mistakes from time to
time we're typing really fast so I will
try to include those typos or those
variations of the keyword in the
automation my next tip for your DM
automation is while you should be making
it clear that it is automation I still
recommend writing it in your voice or
style or tone if you follow me on
Instagram you know I'm pretty
light-hearted I'm pretty goofy I'm
pretty silly and fun I make a lot of
typos and mistakes and I don't take
anything too seriously and so when
you're receiving an automated response
from the Brock bot it would be kind of
weird if it suddenly got like very
robotic and very professional and very
buttoned up and everything was like
perfect that just wouldn't really
connect right right like that that's not
my brand literally in that sentence I
just said the word right twice so I try
to write it in my voice I make it clear
that it is a robot I will either say Hey
you will receive an automatic DM link or
my robot assistant will send you the
link or again I'll include Brock bot in
the actual message but then the message
itself will be written in my tone in my
phrasing in my style to make sure that
it stays on brand and then the final top
tip that I wanted to share with you is
when you start using DM aimation if you
have more than 100,000 followers or if
you have a post that you think is going
to do really well and get a lot of
comments let's say over 100 comments I
would not recommend turning on the
comment response tool now if you've
never heard of DM automation before this
might be confusing if you are someone
who is very new to this world you might
be a little bit lost but just stick with
me I'll try to do my best to explain it
and if you're someone again with more
than 100,000 followers or someone who
expects a high volume of comments on one
of their posts stick with me for just a
second so this is just my personal
experience and there might be exceptions
to this there might be something I'm
doing wrong but when I have used the
comment trigger tool which again is
where someone comments a keyword on my
feed post and then they automatically
receive a DM I have had zero issues it
can manage all of them like I can
receive thousands of comments and
thousands of DMS will be sent
automatically no problem no Flags no
issues but there's an additional feature
that you can turn on which is that after
someone leaves a comment not only do
they instantly receive a DM but their
comment also gets replied to so let's
say someone comments the word hooks they
could get a comment reply from me that
says thanks so much check your messages
and at the same time they could receive
a DM with the link that they requested
that's a feature it's really really
useful it's really cool and it is
something that I do use from time to
time however like I said if you have a
lot of followers or if you have a post
that you think is going to do well and
get a lot of comments I would not
recommend turning on the reply feature
you can still have it send the DM just
don't have it reply with a comment and
again this is just my personal
experience with this I have had a few
people reach out via DM and tell me that
they've experien something similar but
basically what happens is you get more
comments than you expected or your post
ends up doing really well and you get a
th000 comments and many chat replies to
every single one of those comments and
sends a DM to all a thousand of those
people at the same time and that can get
you flagged and it's not because
Instagram's like oh this person's using
automation we need to flag them because
again many chat is approved really what
it is is Instagram just sees there's a
bunch of comments that your account is
leaving your account is leaving
thousands of comments within a very
short time frame and so that can get you
flagged so the pro tip here to summarize
is if you are using the comment to DM
feature just make sure you do not enable
the comment reply if you are expecting a
high volume of comments on that specific
post and my final top tip for your DM
automation is first of all of course use
a call to action telling people to
comment the keyword right like if you
don't tell people to comment the
specific keyword the likelihood that
they're going to do it is pretty much
zero because how would they know to but
when you are including this call to
action in your story in your real in
your photo in your caption whatever make
it obvious make it hard to miss what I
see a lot of people doing is they create
a 60-second reel right super valuable
tons of information and then they write
a four paragraph caption and right below
their fourth paragraph of the caption
they put a little tiny sentence that
says comment the word guide and I'll
send you my free guide and then they
wonder why people are missing it well
the majority of people are not watching
the full 60 seconds and a very small
percentage of people are reading your
caption and a very very very very tiny
percentage of people are reading all the
way to that last sentence of your
caption so instead make your call to
action obvious especially when you're
using DM automation like put it on the
screen say it verbally whenever I'm
using DM automation I say it directly
into the camera and I put it on the
screen and I put it in the caption so
it's in three places whether you're
listening you're watching or you're
reading it's hard to miss that to action
to comment the word guide or whatever it
specifically is and because it's harder
to miss people are more likely to of
course see it and then take action again
remember you can get one month of many
chat Pro by visiting manychat.com and
using the keyword tribe at checkout I
highly encourage you to get signed up
today start using this your Instagram
and your future self will thank you for
it thank you for listening today I
really appreciate it don't forget to
like And subscribe and I'll see you in
the next
episode
[Music]
m